---
layout: sn
title: "Module 2 : Collaboration"
category: snf
---

<h1>Module 2 : Collaboration</h1>

<p style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Module Objectives</strong></p>

<ul>
  <li>Explain how access the service portal for the instance</li>
  <li>Understand how submit an incident through the service portal</li>
  <li>Discuss when the My Work and My Groups Work modules should be used</li>
  <li>Demonstrate how to use work nots, additional comments and connect chat to collaborate on a task</li>
  <li>Describe the differences between events and notifications</li>
  <li>Create a report by modifying an existing report using the Report Designer</li>
  <li>Share a report with a group</li>
</ul>

<h2>Task Management</h2>

<p style="text-align: justify;">
    A <strong>task</strong> is any record that can be assigned or completed by a user in ServiceNow. A task record us created from a table that extends the <strong>Task [task]</strong> table, such as <strong>Incident [incident]</strong> and <strong>Problem [problem]</strong> tables. Any table which extends Task can take advantage of task-specific functionality for driving tasks, including:
</p>

<ul>
  <li>Approval</li>
  <li>Assignments</li>
  <li>Service Levels</li>
  <li>Inactivity Monitors</li>
  <li>Workflow</li>
</ul>

<p style="text-align: justify;">
    <strong>Assugnment rules</strong> can automatically set a value in the <strong>assigned_to</strong> and <strong>assignment_group</strong> fields of a task record. Create an assignment rule by navigating to the <strong>System Policy > Rules > Assignement</strong> module. An assignement rule must also meet these additional criteria to run:
</p>

<ul>
  <li>The task record has been created or updated</li>
  <li>The task record must be unassigned</li>
  <li>The assignment rule is the first rule that match</li>
</ul>

<p style="text-align: justify;"><strong>My Work / My Groups Work</strong></p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">
    <strong>My Groups Work</strong>: List of all active tasks assigned to your group but not yet to an individual.
</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">
    <strong>My Work</strong>: List of all active tasks assigned to you, including:
</p>

<ul>
  <li>Change Request</li>
  <li>Group Approval</li>
  <li>Incident</li>
  <li>Knowledge Base Submission</li>
  <li>Request</li>
  <li>Security Case</li>
  <li>Visual Task Board Task</li>
</ul>

<p style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Work Notes and Additional Comments</strong></p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">
    Use the <strong>Notes</strong> tab in a record to communication to stakeholders and document task activities throughout the lifecycle. The <strong>Work notes</strong> field provides a log to document all the technical work on a task. Use the <strong>Additional comments</strong> field to communicate back and forth with the requester and other stakeholders.
</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">
    The <strong>Activity</strong> section provides a complete history of a record. The <strong>Activity Streamline Editing</strong> enables users to contribute to actual work within a record without opening a form interface.
</p>

